Update about.md (#3)
JuliaReach/JuliaReachTemplatePkg: docs/src/about.md

## Contributing

If you like this package, consider contributing!

> [Creating an issue](https://help.github.com/en/articles/creating-an-issue) in the [LazySets GitHub issue tracker](https://github.com/JuliaReach/LazySets.jl/issues) to report a bug, open a discussion about existing functionality, or suggesting new functionality is appreciated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Creating an issue](https://help.github.com/en/articles/creating-an-issue) in the [GitHub issue tracker](https://github.com/JuliaReach/JuliaReachTemplatePkg/issues) to report a bug, open a discussion about existing functionality, or suggesting new functionality is appreciated.
```

> If you have written code and would like it to be peer reviewed and added to the library, you can [fork](https://help.github.com/en/articles/fork-a-repo) the repository and send a pull request (see below). Typical contributions include fixing a bug, adding a new feature or improving the documentation (either in source code or the [online manual](https://juliareach.github.io/LazySets.jl/latest/man/getting_started/)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have written code and would like it to be peer reviewed and added to the library, you can [fork](https://help.github.com/en/articles/fork-a-repo) the repository and send a pull request (see below). Typical contributions include fixing a bug, adding a new feature or improving the documentation (either in source code or the [online manual](https://juliareach.github.io/JuliaReachTemplatePkg/latest/man/getting_started/)).
```
Does this page always exist? I doubt it.

command:

```julia

> julia> Pkg.test("JuliaReachTemplatePkg")

Reviewer: Why remove this?
Maybe we should use the new Pkg3 way instead:
```julia
pkg> test JuliaReachTemplatePkg
```

### Contributing to the documentation

New functions and types should be documented according to the
[JuliaReach Developer's Documentation](https://juliareach.github.io/JuliaReachDevDocs/latest/guidelines/#Writing-docstrings-1).

You can view the source code documentation from inside the REPL by typing `?`
followed by the name of the type or function.

> For example, the following command will print the documentation of the `LazySet`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, the following command will print the documentation of the `JuliaReachTemplatePkg`
```
